[pkg/ottl] Minor updates to OTTL readmes (#21224)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

## Functions

> Functions are the way that components that use OTTL to transform telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions are what OTTL uses to transform telemetry.
```
that extra `to` didn't sound right in the original sentence.

Author: This reads much better, thanks.

- `truncate_all(resource.attributes, 50)`

## Converters

Converters are functions that help translate between the OTTL grammar and the underlying pdata structure.

> They manipulate the OTTL grammar value into a form that will make working with the telemetry easier or more efficient.

Reviewer: Can you add a sentence in here that Converters never change the underlying telemetry.

Author: We did have one right below this paragraph, but each section was essentially reiterating the same information, so I consolidated and reworded them.

Reviewer: I'm blind 👍
